(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) If anyone can show a nation betrayed by
Donald Trump how to defeat him, it is
the city that gave rise to him.
And if there is any way to terrify
a despot, it is by dismantling the very
conditions that allowed him to accumulate power.
This is not only how we stop Trump,
it's how we stop the next one.
So Donald Trump, since I know you're watching,
I have four words for you.
Turn the volume up.
We will hold bad landlords to account because
the Donald Trumps of our city have grown
far too comfortable taking advantage of their tenants.
We will put an end to the culture
of corruption that has allowed billionaires like Trump
to evade taxation and exploit tax breaks.
We will stand alongside unions and expand labor
protections because we know, just as Donald Trump
does, that when working people have ironclad rights,
the bosses who seek to extort them become
very small indeed.
New York will remain a city of immigrants,
a city built by immigrants, powered by immigrants,
and as of tonight, led by an immigrant.
So hear me, President Trump, when I say
this, to get to any of us, you
will have to get through all of us.